Hey guys.
So last summer we did as we installed our webs installed so blind text which text editor.
And now we're ready to make a start.
So what we doing now is create our register page and it's going to be whether users sign up or log in.
But just quickly before I do that will explain something about this index page for those you don't know
the index pages the default page website goes to.
So for example if you go to your local house and you type in you go to your website to get to your index
page you could type indexed BHP or you could leave off this index up here.
You don't have to add that because by default if you don't specify a page it will go to your index page.
OK.
So this is something we're quick to know about.
The index page leaving the indexed page out of the URL is exactly the same as if you did that.
You don't have to include it.
So with your head now qurei our registered iph age.
So you really have to open up a blind text and then you save this and save it into the folder wherever
you're zammit Web server is h.t. Docs and then find your website you created.
So this forms called slot's find this example.
So there's our index of a.p. page we created last time was going to save this in the same place.
So Register doppie HP this in the same follows of red as the index page.
And remember you can still see e-mail press tab and you get the e-mail structure and we can just write
to something like that where you want it now.
And just to make sure it works this is just our age.
And as I go across and make sure that worked so hard just go to the register page paper make sure you
spell it right.
This is a case so we know we have the right page.
Great.
And when we get right into it so we get rid of that now.
Now we know it works.
And just create a div So you have it just right div and press tab like that because like I said last
time supplying text auto completes for you.
So if you type the name of a tag and then press tab it will auto complete it for you if Usenet extended
that didn't autocomplete obviously just write that out manually it will give this div and I gave it
an identifier and the idea is going to be in that container just like that one word.
And for those you don't know what these things are divs and I.D. there's a good chance you'll understand
what they mean just by doing this so the more we go through this course you will get a very good understanding
of how they work.
But if you still don't understand you can just do a quick Google search.
There's so many resources out there to learn this from.
Or ask me a question and I'll answer it.
So inside this div form tied a game games for one press tab and complete it for you.
And this form is to have the idea of log in form a form is basically how we send dates to another page
so action is going to be registered up HP which is the page run now.
This action part is what page you want to send the data to.
So we're going to send it to the page.
We are currently on which is ready to appear to be an F for peak calls post.
This is just the method in which the data is sent.
You will use post for this whole course so you won't ever do anything other than post for this cause
than inside.
Here we're going to put an H to tag and the H tags headers.
You have h one age to age 3.
The number corresponds to the size of it.
You'll see how that works now.
We'll put the log in to your account.
Save that and we'll go back to here and just make sure we're seeing this refresh this page and you should
see all the into your account.
This is a slightly larger fund.
This is your age to tack so I will carry on going to an input to set out in a press tab and you get
this.
There's only one tab for this.
You don't have a closing input so you won't have this sort of thing you get that with input.
You only have to 1.
Eidy Equals Let's call this luggin a user name just like that name is going to be just in username again.
Name is how this is of reference how I can get the data from this field.
You'll see how that works soon.
Type it calls text like that which is the type of input we're going to put in this field.
This is a text box to save that we'll see how it works.
You'll see there's a text box on this field that you can type into.
But we also give us a place holder so there's an app.
This is an empty box at the moment.
When you give it a place hold now so type place holder.
He calls and we can say e.g. Bart.
Simpson like that or something.
First page.
Then you see a place holder now and then when I type in this it goes away.
I mean and last thing.
Just put the required like that.
This means it won't let you submit the form unless this has a value because we always want the username
field to have a value.
OK so copy that whole input and just make this full screen so you can see Obis you copy the whole input
line and paste it in below and this will always change the user name.
This is going to be password like that.
Okay copy that paste it and then we don't want a place holder on the password field because we don't
have a suggestion for that so it's a sleeve lever place holder out of that and also change this type
people text to type password.
Because let me show you real quick if we had text typed it was text.
So use your second field here.
If I had type it was actually we had to see it your password as you're typing.
But if you change it to type because password.
You'll see that when I type in their hidden hidden or seeing that these actually appear on the same
line and we obviously don't want that we want them to appear on separate lines so we could use a bit
of CSI s to do that it be really easy.
But what we're going to do is separate these even further into their own components so we can have a
paragraph tag right here and those who don't know the paragraph tags always appear on separate lines
just copy and paste is a quote Don't copy this.
Just watch to see that 5 2 paragraphs tags like that.
There are literally separate lines.
See several I did out of here next to each other.
So we're going to use the paragraph tags now to make our input superior to separate lines.
So get your paragraph tag and move one of these inputs into there like that.
Now do the same for this input.
So Create Your paragraph tag copy the password one into that and you'll see just by doing that.
They now pay our separate lines.
And then the very last thing we're going to do is put a label tacked a type label pressed tab and the
label is just going to be easy for you to see how this works.
I just write a user name.
You also write for copy and paste that into there.
Save that you show share outlooks.
And you see we have a label next to our textbooks now.
So we'll do the same thing for passwords so that type of label press tab password.
And then for copy paste that into there.
And this four attribute has to correspond to the I.D..
So this has to match that I.D. of whichever input it corresponds to.
And this doesn't really do a whole lot.
The labels tag all it does this means if I click on the label itself.
It activates the field.
So instead of having to click on the field if I click on this label you'll see it puts my input into
the feel.
That's pretty much it.
Aside from given a little visual as well to what the field is clicking on it also allows you to activate
the field and then the very last thing you to do is create our submit burn now.
So outside of those pyecraft tags just type person press tab and then this is going to be tight.
He calls so Mitt because it submits our form and the name is going to be long again.
BURTON like that.
And then here you can just write walk in and then reverse that and you say.
I log in.
OK.
I remember how I said this was a required field.
So this is what I mean if I don't submit a value in here work let me submit the form.
It's up something in there.
This is also requires really put something in there too.
If I type something in both of them and press that it submits.
It's admits the form and that's it.
That is our log in form.
Obviously it's not styled yet and it doesn't do anything but that is all our logging form is going to
consist of.
Our register form is something very similar just with some extra fields.